the staff is fine
I hope so, yes, you can.
find it strange
You may find this video strange.
here in a bathroom that only the first
which complements two more videos
I'll leave it to you first, I'll
talked about the population that is
executed more or less 20 years ago
What should be done right?
what should be done and what should not be
done
according to staff who are also a
continuation of the other
I the plumbing
How good it is in retirement?
correct even shows the entire network
the right answer all so the mass
finally
and how you can perceive that this is the
third video is semi finished can
to realize that it still exists is a bit
humidity of the staff so the whole paper
there is even because it was done against
floor like sucking is like that
then traced this unease
Because of this, this is why
this personal brand is always ready
and even the video I show retail
Been done it 's here I do not
coated with vegetable steel and
a shower in this corner
Finally , the owner of the house is a
record and tested only with one hand
so I 'm presenting the
Goalkeeper is already good, everything working.
correctly complete staff anyway I
even to facilitate computing
including photos and more photos
already the second goal
so can keep siege started to come down
the one too has the photos of and so
led to make the video also relative
something there is placed here.
only the pads in front of
capital
and here goes that window she does not up
of the person so I thought it was the moment
80 of the work and not read the purpose of
put a stone that gives each one
pulling is not identified
or even with the same income
treatment has to be done and aimed at
people are prerogative themselves in
The same height is stable and you're fine
we also have to use here
tool this is it galera record
losing more and more looking to learn
more and always bring better content to
You, honey, I'll leave it to you then.
You there, the link from the first second
book and to you that there is no
first video bed may miss anything
but I ask you guys to watch
videos that you only have a lot of cool
the person gets the sense that to
you learn what not to do knot
Okay, so the video would actually be
writing is alerted to you to take
Watch out for lunch, there are executions
wrong maybe the professional element
accident headed for the posse asking
Why does it seem when you see that there is a lot
it was not just me I always try to do
better tell to do always and thanks
God with this're my county
work, no lack of staff, I was going to change
sometimes I - revised a long time ago I
I gave you a job well done here.
a job performed
You're sure to be recommended.
by your customers and friends
so then the sixth 1st 2nd and you will
understand a top champion with God and the
facebook is paulo pedro cruz beauty
I was all powerful and even the real plan
what's up guys